# MAGES. engine script cleaner  
### cleaning and seperating scripts for machine learning purposes

#### usage:

Extract the scripts from the game using [SciADVnet's Ungelify](https://github.com/KaitoCross/SciAdv.Net/tree/transition) (from the transition branch of my fork) and convert them to readable .txt files using [sc3ntist/SCXParser](https://github.com/KaitoCross/sc3ntist) (for original Steins;Gate Steam, Steins;Gate 0 or Chaos;Child) or [SciADVnet/ProjectAmadeus](https://github.com/CommitteeOfZero/SciAdv.Net) (For the original Steins;Gate Steam)

Move the .txt files to a seperate, dedicated folder for each game.  

Then, to seperate the character's lines from each other, download this repository and execute in the repository folder:
##### prep_scripts.py
```use
python3 prep_scripts.py path_to_folder_with_scripts outputfolder
if you want to seperate the e-mails as well:
python3 prep_scripts.py path_to_folder_with_scripts outputfolder path_to_emailtextfile
```
##### prep_scripts_for_voice.py
This is a script that helps generating text-voice-pairs for Tacotron2. To generate them, you also need to extract all voice files of the game. Currently, it generates these pairs for all main characters of Steins;Gate.
Currently this script only supports scripts taken from most Steins;Gate Visual Novels that include the audio ID. My fork of [sc3ntist/SCXParser](https://github.com/KaitoCross/sc3ntist/tree/filterPerson) is capable of providing these using the filerPerson branch of the program.
You also need the id-to-filename.txt that is generated by Ungelify when extracting all audio files. You can find it in the same folder that Ungelify used to extract the voice files into.
It uses pykakasi to convert all japanese characters into romaji. However, that conversion tends to be inaccurate with kanji. Also, the Textline-Voicefile-Association used to be a little off when the game character is not Kurisu in earlier versions of this script. The latter should be fixed by now. To proofread and correct the results of this script, I have created [TacoTranscribe](https://github.com/KaitoCross/TacoTranscribe)
```use
python3 prep_scripts.py path_to_folder_with_scripts path_to_extracted_voicefiles/id-to-filename.txt outputfolder
```
How the generated files looks like:
```
日本語|Nihongo|audiofilename.ogg
```

Have fun!
